Before we start this lesson, we want to keep the focus on the grades data.
I don't want to keep making post requests for students.
So in our main class, in the entry points, what I want you to do is implement the command line runner
interface.
By doing so, we can override the run method and the run method is going to get invoked as soon as we
run our Spring Boot app.
And upon doing so, I want to save for students in our student table.
Every single time there is a file inside of your resources folder, please copy its contents over here.
Okay.
So here we've got an array of student entities.
Let's import the student class and import the local dates.
All right.
And now what I'm going to do is auto wire.
The student repository.
Now I can.
And now I'm going to create a for loop that runs through every single student and the student's array.
And for every student that we run through, I'm going to save them into our database using the student
repository.
Okay.
Now, every time we run our app, although our database resets, it's going to get repopulated with
data every time.
Now we could have just configured H2 to be less volatile, but let's just keep it the way it is and
we'll reconnect to our database.
And you'll see that automatically we have student data.
Okay.
Looking good.
Another thing we want to do before we officially start talking about relationships is set up the grade
entity.
We need to tell spring GPA that we're going to be saving grade entities, so please create a table for
it.
And the table is going to be named at table.
The name of the table that will store grade entities is going to be called grade.
The ID of each entity is going to be stored in the primary key column.
The primary key column is going to be named ID.
And the ID annotation specifies that this column is going to be the primary key column, such that every
single value uniquely identifies a grade in the grade table and every single ID is going to be auto
generated.
So here we'll say generated value.
Every single ID is going to be auto generated using the generation type identity strategy.
The score of each grade is going to be stored in a score column.
Column name is equal to score.
And before I forget, we do not want the scores to be null, noble equals false.
Every grade that gets submitted needs to have a valid score.
And now back here.
If I reconnect to my database, now we see two tables.
That's perfect.
For every single table in our database, we need a repository that's able to talk to it.
So right now, the student repository is able to save student entities.
Student entities are going to be saved into the student table.
We need a great repository that will save great entities and great entities will save to the grade table.
So let us create a public interface grade repository.
That inherits from the CRUD Repository.
This great repository is going to be in charge of managing grade entities, and every grade entity that
we save will be identified by a long identifier.
Long ID.
All right.
And now back inside of the grade service implementation, I'm going to auto wire the bean that's going
to get created out of our special repository.
Great repository.
Create a repository.
As we auto wire the bean, the only method that we care about right now is saving.
So here, what I'll do is I'll say great repository, dot save and it's going to save whatever grade
anti that gets passed in.
Don't worry about these IDs for now.
We'll get there soon.
And now, since the service is the middleman between the repository and the controller, let's go to
the grade controller.
And it seems I've already ordered it before this recording, so I'll just let you take some time and
do that.
And once you do, all the preliminary stuff is now done.
Nothing new so far.
Let's finally start with our lesson.